good morning it's december
6 2020 and it's a sunday
here in l.a a clear morning
very still right now around 48 degrees
fahrenheit 9 celsius
this morning i was thinking about
a memory
a memory of standing alone
looking at a beautiful building
[Music]
it was 1954
and i was on the campus
of duke university in durham north
carolina
and looking at this beautiful building
campus building
and feeling the mood of it
i heard a song coming from
a nearby radio
and the song was three
coins in the fountain and i
think it was by the four aces
but i'm not sure if that was the version
i heard
and that music married with that
image of the building
and it became a a kind of a
memory that stuck with me
and that was the kind of music that was
coming out of radios
mostly in 1954
but that was soon going to change
big time
should be going up to around 75 degrees
fahrenheit this afternoon
maybe 24 celsius
and it looks like we're going to be
enjoying
blue skies and golden sunshine
all along the way everyone
have a great day